[Docs] Add formats to `localization.md` (#6260)
pagefaultgames/pokerogue: docs/localization.md

  - For any feature pulled from the mainline Pokémon games (e.g. a Move or Ability implementation), it's best practice to include a source link for any added text.  
  [Poké Corpus](https://abcboy101.github.io/poke-corpus/) is a great resource for finding text from the mainline games; otherwise, a video/picture showing the text being displayed should suffice.
  - You should also [notify the current Head of Translation](#notifying-translation) to ensure a fast response.
3. Your locales should use the following format:
  - File names should be in `kebab-case`. Example: `trainer-names.json`
  - Key names should be in `camelCase`. Example: `aceTrainer`

>     - If you make use of i18next's inbuilt [context support](https://www.i18next.com/translation-function/context), you should use `snake_case` for the context key. Example: `aceTrainer_male`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you make use of i18next's inbuilt [context support](https://www.i18next.com/translation-function/context), you need to use `snake_case` for the context key. Example: `aceTrainer_male`
```
